README.md, before:

# Coding Practice
A repository containing various coding practice problems along with corresponding theory.

The coding practice problems are taken from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/) and [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/). Since my main languages of interest are C++ and Python, I provide solutions for each.

## Organization

The practice problems are separated based on where they were taken from each website. With each problem a `README.md` provides a description. For each company that practice problems are taken from a PDF (**insert link when generated**) is provided containing the runtime and memory complexity analysis of each. Note that these complexities may not be the most optimal. The first iterations of solutions are provided while optimized solutions may be provided at a later date.

## Dependencies
For ease run `install_dependencies.sh`(**insert link when generated**) to install all of the dependencies listed out below:
- clang: `sudo apt install clang`
- gcc: `sudo apt install gcc`
- g++: `sudo apt install g++`
- Python 3.12 (I like to use pyenv(**insert link to github repo**) to manage different Python versions)
- CMake: `sudo apt install cmake`
- xelatex: `sudo apt install texlive-xetex`
- pytest

> `install_dependencies.sh` will download `pyenv` and install the proper version of Python with it. A virtualenv with this Python version is used to install all Python dependencies to not mess up the user's local machine. 

## Set Up
- C++ code is compiled using `CMake` while Python 3 code is set up using the setup tools.
```bash
mkdir build
cmake -B build
cmake --build build
```

## Testing
The C++ tests use `GTest` to determine if the functions perform properly while `pytest` is used for the Python solutions.
```bash
cd build
ctest
```

## Roadmap

- [x] Update README.md with initial description.
- [x] Create PyEnv environment for python test environment.
- [x] Create `CMakeLists.txt` file for compiling C++ code.
  - [x] Update to include `gtest` and modify `main.cpp` to use gtest.
- [ ] Include logging capabilities using [`spdlog`](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog).
  - [ ] Report time it took for a function to run in `main.cpp`.
- [ ] Generate a latex `.tex` template for going through the complexity analysis math (and theory) of each problem.
- [ ] Create `.github/workflows/.github-ci.yml` file for running unit tests through a pipeline.
- [ ] Add doxygen based comments throughout the source code.
- [ ] Lint code.
- Iterate until all LeetCode problems are solved:
  - [ ] Generate README.md describing problem.
  - [ ] Solve a problem with sample inputs and expected sample outputs in C++/Python.
  - [ ] Update `CMakeLists.txt` to build and compile problem.
  - [ ] Write unit tests for each problem.
  - [ ] Update `leetcode-problems.tex` with runtime and memory complexity analysis and theory if applicable.
- Iterate until all HackerRank problems are solved:
  - [ ] Generate README.md describing problem.
  - [ ] Solve a problem with sample inputs and expected sample outputs in C++/Python.
  - [ ] Update `CMakeLists.txt` to build and compile problem.
  - [ ] Write unit tests for each problem.
  - [ ] Update `hackerrank-problems.tex` with runtime and memory complexity analysis and theory if applicable.
- Iterate until all LeetCode problems are optimized:
  - [ ] Formulate new algorithm to achieve optimal runtime and memory complexity.
  - [ ] Compare results between optimized and initial solutions.

Commit message:

Functioning pytest structure failed tests
Added script for running pytest on all problems

README.md, after:

# Coding Practice
A repository containing various coding practice problems along with corresponding theory.

The coding practice problems are taken from [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/) and [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/). Since my main languages of interest are C++ and Python, I provide solutions for each to demonstrate coding completency.

## Organization

The practice problems are separated based on where they were taken from each website. With each problem a `README.md` provides a description. For each company that practice problems are taken from a PDF (**insert link when generated**) is provided containing the runtime and memory complexity analysis of each. Note that these complexities may not be the most optimal. The first iterations of solutions are provided while optimized solutions may be provided at a later date.

## Dependencies
For ease run `install_dependencies.sh`(**insert link when generated**) to install all of the dependencies listed out below:
- clang: `sudo apt install clang`
- gcc: `sudo apt install gcc`
- g++: `sudo apt install g++`
- Python 3.12 (I like to use pyenv(**insert link to github repo**) to manage different Python versions)
- CMake: `sudo apt install cmake`
- xelatex: `sudo apt install texlive-xetex`
- pytest

> `install_dependencies.sh` will download `pyenv` and install the proper version of Python with it. A virtualenv with this Python version is used to install all Python dependencies to not mess up the user's local machine. Make sure to point PYTHONPATH to this site-package if it's not using it automatically.

## Set Up
- C++ code is compiled using `CMake` while Python 3 code is set up using the setup tools.
```bash
mkdir build
cmake -B build
cmake --build build
```

## Testing
The C++ tests use `GTest` to determine if the functions perform properly while `pytest` is used for the Python solutions.
```bash
cd build
ctest
```

For `pytest` make sure that the current repository is in the `PYTHONPATH`:
```bash
export PYTHONPATH="${HOME}/path/to/repo:${PYTHONPATH}"
pytest -v
```

## Reasoning
The main objective of this repository is to demonstrate proficiency in both languages which guided some of the architectural decisions. There is no need to have created a `solution_base` in the Python solutions; however, it demonstrates understanding of inheritance.

## Roadmap

- [x] Update README.md with initial description.
- [x] Create PyEnv environment for python test environment.
- [x] Create `CMakeLists.txt` file for compiling C++ code.
  - [x] Update to include `gtest` and modify `main.cpp` to use gtest.
- [ ] Include logging capabilities using [`spdlog`](https://github.com/gabime/spdlog).
  - [ ] Report time it took for a function to run in `main.cpp`.
- [ ] Generate a latex `.tex` template for going through the complexity analysis math (and theory) of each problem.
- [ ] Create `.github/workflows/.github-ci.yml` file for running unit tests through a pipeline.
- [ ] Add doxygen based comments throughout the source code.
- [ ] Lint code.
- Iterate until all LeetCode problems are solved:
  - [ ] Generate README.md describing problem.
  - [ ] Solve a problem with sample inputs and expected sample outputs in C++/Python.
  - [ ] Update `CMakeLists.txt` to build and compile problem.
  - [ ] Write unit tests for each problem.
  - [ ] Update `leetcode-problems.tex` with runtime and memory complexity analysis and theory if applicable.
- Iterate until all HackerRank problems are solved:
  - [ ] Generate README.md describing problem.
  - [ ] Solve a problem with sample inputs and expected sample outputs in C++/Python.
  - [ ] Update `CMakeLists.txt` to build and compile problem.
  - [ ] Write unit tests for each problem.
  - [ ] Update `hackerrank-problems.tex` with runtime and memory complexity analysis and theory if applicable.
- Iterate until all LeetCode problems are optimized:
  - [ ] Formulate new algorithm to achieve optimal runtime and memory complexity.
  - [ ] Compare results between optimized and initial solutions.
